Miss Shi, let him go
Miss Shi is not as good as flooding the Dragon King Temple
The family is a Land Rover Guild
Who are you?
I'm Gu Daqing
We are the managers of the house
Oh yes my sister
It's your brother's girlfriend
Didn't you come to pick us up?
Pardon me?
What is your sister?
My sister is your brother's girlfriend
Previous sentence
I am the manager of your teacher's family
You're not anymore.
As for his rotten person, he still wants to enter my teacher's house
It's Miss, what do you mean by that?
I said you can go away
Miss Xu took people away
Miss Xu, what am I talking about?
What!
Ordinary people dare to come to my Genting Tiangong to make trouble
Mr. Lu, I'm sorry we're late
Lu Yang's room is packed. Let's go
Thank you, Miss Shi
Lu Yao didn't hurry to thank her
Thanks, let's go
How is this possible?
How is that possible?
Lu Yao is a bumpkin
How can I possibly afford a house here?
Oh, I see.
It must be this woman surnamed Shi and Lu Yao
This bad gambler has a leg
In the villa, it must also belong to the corpse family
I want this dog man to cheat
I'm going to find Master Shi now
He must have a way to kill this earth leopard